Let's look at some of the key high-level questions that need to be
asked when designing or assessing a Cloud environment.
An architect needs to be able to identify all application code and
services that will be run in an environment
that will be persisting data to Cloud data stores.
This includes the use of data volumes, file shares,
object storage such as S3, RDS,
and other database storage, Elasticsearch and more.
Determine how sensitive the data that is being stored in the Cloud is.
Your organization should have
data classification standards that will allow you to identify and
tag Cloud components so that components storing sensitive data are easily identifiable.
Determine who needs access to encryption keys in order to encrypt data,
decrypt data, manage key permissions,
and destroy or rotate keys.
Many design choices in the Cloud will hinge on
specific regulatory or organization compliance policies around data encryption.